So let's talk about troubleshooting
especially when QuickSight is trying to use Athena
but there are insufficient permissions.
So what could be happening?
Number one is that QuickSight must be able
to access your S3 buckets that are used by Athena.
So please make sure that QuickSight
has the GetObject permission onto your S3 buckets.
The second thing is that if the data in the S3 bucket
is encrypted using a KMS key,
so using the SSE-KMS type of encryption,
then you make sure the QuickSight IAM role
must be granted access
to decrypt with the key, to do a kms:Decrypt.
And we'll see how to create a grant
when we go into the last section, the last domain,
to talk about KMS, we talk about KMS grants in details.
But you need to do a grant on what's called
the IAM role of QuickSight
to grant the role access to the underlying
KMS key of the S3 buckets.
And so there are two kinds of roles
that QuickSight can be using.
It doesn't really matter, you don't need to know them, okay?
But there is a service role and there is a consumer's role.
And whatever role QuickSight is using
should be the one you grant access to the KMS key.
And after granting access
then these roles can do a kms:Decrypt
and you will have solved
your insufficient permissions problem
between QuickSight and Athena.
Okay? That's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.